May 22, 2020
============
In day 2, the overall archtiecture of the code was explored.  Playing 
mechs is fun, and the code is quite readable.  I glanced at some of the 
details, and I look forward to the explanations in later lessons.

I did have some trouble getting dosbox to play the sounds.  Dosbox has a
default setting of putting an SB16 at port 220h and interrupt 7.  Updating
the cfg file did not quite get the sound working, however.  I had to find
a version of ct-voice.drv that worked with dosbox.  I found it in a game
called "Innocent Until Caught" which apparently has an alternate SB driver
that works well with dosbox. 

After that, the game worked like a champ.  Pretty nice, considering how 
little code is involved.

I wonder when the last contest for mech war was run...

Exercises
=========
1. Play Mech War until you reach wave 15 and see what happens.

  This one actually took a bit of doing to get good enough at the game. 
  I could not quite out my finger on what was happening until I looked at
  the code. After wave 15, it selects randomly from the 15 wave patterns.
  
  The wave_number variable keeps increasimg, and the randomly selected
  pattern is stored in the local_pattern variable. Prior to wave 16, these
  variables always match. 
  
2. Try to edit the PCX files used for Mech War and change some of the images
   for the game.  

  This has prefictable results. I also altered the code to increase the size
  of the missiles, and I changed the enemy missile color to a bright red
  color to better fascilitate doging!
  
3. Try to find any bugs in Mech War.
   - If you die as you kill the last mech, the wave loads twice.
   - A game over in the above condition loads the wave then ends.
   - Not a bug, but mech missiles are not visible. This makes dodgimg hard.
     Revision: They are visible, they are just dark blue on a black 
     background, so they are not very visible.
   - Prezsing a key durimg the opening screen skips the instructions.
     The instructions should lo d before accepting key presses.

4. If you have a sound editor program that accepts VOC files, try to change
   the sound effects used in Mech War.

   Again, predictable results.  So I am skipping this one.
   
5. Think up an entire game.  Write down a list of all the elements in your
   game, and all their interactions.
   
   I am thinking about developing a platform shooter where the main 
   character has a rocket pack.  He can get various weapon and flight 
   upgrades, and he has to gather fuel in order to fly.  He also has
   to be careful to not hit his head too hard (or fall to his death)!
   
   I would need sprites:
     - Character
     - Character Flying
     - Enemies
     - Platforms 
     - Backgrounds
     - Weapons
     - Powerups
     
   I would need sound effects:
     - Jumping
     - Landing
     - Bumping
     - Rocket Thurst
     - Weapon Sounds
     - Enemy Hit Sounds
     
   I also need to better flesh out his story. Why is he flying? What is
   his goal? How does he win?  
   
   In addtion to these, I would need to design levels.
